Working on Workshop 4 made me go through many difficulties, but at the same time, I have learned many different topics. Some topics were brought again from previous workshops, such as construction and destruction. Although it has some similar concepts as previous workshops, this workshop had gone deeper into those topics and went into new topics of using a "current object". "Current object" is referred to as when a host object from within a member function is called or it could be seen as a region of memory of data that a member function works within. For example in LAB, a function "Canister::pour(Canister& C)" used a current object of the "Canister& C)". Also, while using the current object in the code, I learned that I have an option of using a keyword, "this", or not. The keyword, "this" has the functionality of returning the address of the current object. However, "this" is used often to distinguish which variable holds a certain memory. Within the Private and Public members, there are two kinds of parameters: explicit and implicit. Explicit parameters are used when accessing the client code and returning information or data to the client code. Moreover, implicit parameters have a role which is connecting the member function to the current object. When I working on DIY section, I learned that garbage data could result in a memory leak and cause many problems. Also, I learned to use a new function, "getline(str, delim)" which takes the inputted data from a user into the str until delim amount of characters. Hence, working on both Lab and the DIY, had me realize and learn all these topics and I have learned a lot through them.

While working on the workshop, I have difficulties that had me struggle. One of the struggles was dealing with garbage data as mentioned before. Due to that garbage, I had to debug the whole code multiple times and backtrack what each function did. However, I did manage to catch which area was creating the data after several testings. Another difficulty was implementing what I have learned from class and previous workshops into Workshop 4, so while reading what I was supposed to do, I had trouble setting up the algorithm for few functions. Therefore, Workshop 4 had many difficulties I had to through, but I have enjoyed tackling new topics and learn from my mistakes.